[Narrator]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
A second time machine
was discovered...
But who could have
traveled back in it,
and more importantly,
why are they here?
[Kami] The foe that we must
face is beyond imagining.
The feeling of shear dread
that heralds its coming
is so strong, all past
enemies pale in comparison.
♪♪ Opening Song ♪♪
[Narrator] The Monster
Goes Into Motion...
Strike of the Super Namekian!
So, that's what
we're dealing with.
[Oolong slurps]
And all this is happening now?
We just gotta hope Goku
gets better in time...
before the androids can figure
out where we're hiding him.
I guess there's nothing
to do now but wait...
[Chichi and Kami sigh]
Not to toot my own horn, but I
really am a genius, aren't I?!
I mean, I built a time
machine! Well, I'm going to...
[Bulma giggles]
That's great, Mom, but we can't
just leave it sitting here.
Too many questions
if somebody finds it.
For now, let's shrink
it back into a capsule.
[buzzing sound]
Is it okay if I
shrink this one down?
Sure... Thanks, Gohan.
I'm gonna take
this weird eggshell
or whatever it is
with me to study.
Right. Good call.
So...
Listen... Everybody's
gonna get together
over at Master Roshi's place.
At the Kame House? But why?
Well, here's the
short version.
These three androids
got activated,
and wana kill my dad,
but he's too sick to fight,
so a bunch of us decided
we should go into hiding,
just for a little while,
until dad feels better
and can deal with it all...
For now, though, you
should hide out with us.
But, couldn't you guys
still team up without Goku
and deal with these
androids easily enough?
No-- that's out
of the question!
Piccolo, Tien, Dad and I
went up against them,
and we couldn't
even slow them down.
The four of us were lucky
to get out of there alive!
Wow! So they're
that good, huh?
Tell me, did Vegeta
come out of it all right?
Is he waiting at
the Kame House, too?
He survived, thanks to the
senzu bean he ate
But! Then he stormed
off by himself!
I have no idea where he's
staying-- he could be anywhere!
[Bulma, chuckling]
Yeah, that's your dad.
Mm...? What's up?
Nothing... I just sense
something, over there, kinda.
[Bulma] Uh, you're
creeping me out...
Ah...!
Ahh!
Um... could you guys come
here and look at this?!
Huh?
Wait, why're you
running, what is it?!
Gohan! What is it?
--What did you find over here?!
--It's hard to say...
[Trunks and Bulma gasp]
Wh... What is that
horrible thing?!
[Gohan] Ah...
Well, whatever it is, it smells
like cheese in the sun.
Please... tell me it's dead.
Don't worry, Bulma--
it's not gonna hurt you.
It's just some kind of shell.
From an insect? I've seen
some big cicadas in my day,
but this one takes the cake!
I don't think this came
off a cicada. I wonder...
Mm hmm. It looks like maybe
it came from that egg
we found in the time machine.
Yeah... And it keeps
getting bigger,
so it has to shed
its skin... Right?
Okay... but what kind
of creature wriggles
out of an old skin
that looks like this?
I dunno. I've never seen
anything even close.
And how did it get here
in the first place...?
Did somebody put that
egg in the time machine
and send it back on purpose?
Or did they travel back
here along with it?
Why would they?
I have no idea
what's going on here,
but I know it isn't good.
[Trunks grunts]
Ah--!
This is fresh... which means
it must still be close.
[Bulma gasps]
[Gohan grunts]
[Trunks exhales]
[Gohan exhales]
Ah! Yaaaah!
[Gohan and Trunks grunt]
[Gohan exhales]
[squeaks and chatters]
[Trunks] Mm?
[Gohan and Trunks sigh]
Hey... You think
us sticking around
is a bad idea too, don't you?
Yes.
In that case, I'm
gonna get out of here
as fast as I possibly can.
You two are heading
over to Roshi's after
this, aren't you?
I'll give you both a call
if anything comes up.
All right then, Bulma.
[Bulma] Oh, Trunks, honey--
if you have a minute,
swing by and say hi to
Grandma and Grandpa.
I know they'd really
get a kick out of it.
[Trunks] That eggshell,
and that molted skin...
What's going on...?
This is all so strange.
[Gohan] Trunks...
[Gohan] Hey, Trunks...
Oh, yeah?
[Gohan] That skeleton thing
or whatever was weird.
What kinda bug looks like that?
Um... I don't know...
But it's not from the
future I grew up in...
I've never seen anything
like that until today.
[Gohan] You showed up
three years ago,
and the time machine
with the egg got here
a year before that, so...
the mystery bug-thing's
been in the present
for four years now?
[Trunks] That's right--
at least that's what
the console said
inside the cockpit.
[Gohan] Some thing from
decades in the future
has been sneaking around
here shedding its skin
for four whole years
and nobody knew it?
That really gives
me the creeps.
Yeah.
But, question is,
though... who sent it,
and what's it doing back here?
[birds chirping]
[18] Let me get
this straight...
This is the best
outfit you sell?
Oh, yeah! Gosh, ma'am--
that looks right pretty on ya.
Ah...
Um... well, do ya fancy 'em?
[18] What do you think I think?
They're horrible...
But I'm out in the boonies
and I need new clothes,
so I guess I'll just
grin and bear it.
Bye, pardner.
Uh... Hey! Wait a second!
Ya ain't paid yet!
Hold on, now... don't
you get in that van!
Hey! Pay up!
Uh...?
[Shopkeeper gulps]
Dang! That fella's big!
[Shopkeeper trembles]
[sound of phone dialing]
[Shopkeeper] Hello,
Sheriff?! Yeah, it's me!
Some clothes rustlers done
made off with my best outfit!
They were driving a pink--
[sound of police sirens]
Again with the police?
Hard to think with
those sirens blaring...
[Officers yelp]
[Officers yell]
[Officer shudders]
[Officers shudder]
Y'know... for a dream...
this hurts quite a bit...
Ah...?
[Announcer] We interrupt
this programming to bring you
a late-breaking update to one
of our earlier news stories.
Approximately one
hour ago, all contact
with Gingertown, an area on
the outskirts of West City,
was all of a sudden lost...
According to our team
on the scene...
well... if I'm reading
this correctly, it seems
all of the residents have
vanished without a trace...
Yes, that's what it says.
Not a single person
in Gingertown
can be accounted for.
Gingertown, huh?
Our news team is
investigating the cause
of this citywide mass
disappearance right now,
but we'll update you with
details as we receive them...
But that isn't very far
from where we discovered
the time machine.
[Announcer] ...as it unfolds,
so please stay tuned.
Naw... couldn't be...
[phone ringing]
Hello? Kame House.
[Bulma] Oh hey, it's Bulma.
Who am I talking to,
anyhow? Krillin, right?
Guess you made it
to Roshi's okay?
Uh, yeah! So, what's up?
[Bulma] What about the others?
Trunks? An' Gohan? No, they
haven't gotten back here yet.
Never mind that for the moment,
just turn on your TV...
They gotta be covering it
on every station by now,
but I just caught a report
about it on channel 872.
[Krillin] Wait, covering what,
Bulma? What's going on?
Just do it, Krillin!
Hey, man... Who's on the phone?
Oh, it's Bulma...
She says that there's
something on TV that
she wants us to see.
The imperil... We now
have new information
to report on the crisis
unfolding in Gingertown.
Now, according to this
note our news producer
handed me off the
air a moment ago...
Clothing believed to belong
to the missing townspeople
has been found littered
all over the area.
One of our reporters
has just arrived--
we take you to the scene now.
Whoa... kinda creepy, isn't it?
Uh, We're broadcasting
live from Gingertown,
where there are few
clues as to the fate
of the more than
15,000 residents
who have seemingly vanished...
But we've stumbled onto
something... telling.
Whoa... that's a lot.
There are empty outfits
all over the ground,
as though the people
who'd been wearing them
have melted clean away.
This rifle here suggests
that the townsfolk mounted
some sort of defense
against whatever took them.
What?! Took 'em?!
It... It's gotta be
those androids, Bulma!
They're gonna
wipe out humanity,
and this is just a warmup!
No-- it wasn't them.
Don't just take my word for it.
I'm sure Trunks and
Gohan will agree.
But if it wasn't
them... and look,
I'm still going with "if"
'cause I'm not convinced--
you're saying it
has something to do
with the other time machine?
[Bulma] Definitely.
No question about it...
Gohan and Trunks will fill you
in as soon as they get there.
[Krillin] Yeah-- okay.
Good news-- Goku's
resting easy up there...
That cure seems to be--
Huh?
Master Roshi! It's us!
Can we come in?
Ah--
Hey... Krillin...
Whatcha lookin' at?
[Krillin] Thank goodness
you're back. Now watch
the news and help us figure
out what's going on!
Do what?
[frantic, panicked yells]
[Reporter] Are you
picking that up?
Something is happening...
People are screaming, but we
can't see them from here!
And now, gunfire.
I.. I hear screaming and
gunfire
It's coming from the direction
where the police officers
and detectives had gone
to investigate.
and now...
ominous silence
All right, viewers...
We're going to go in there
investigate
as close as we can,
to see if-- Aah!
[Kami shudders]
What do you see...?!
Snap out of it, Kami--
what's going on down there?!
Please... Speak, Kami.
What... manner of...
foul monstrosity is this?!
What? What are
you talking about?
Talk, you old fool!
What's monstrous?!
[Kami shudders]
Hey... What happened?
[Yamcha] well switch it to
another channel already!
[Krillin] right
[people screaming in horror]
[Krillin] It got quiet
again.
[Piccolo] This is ridiculous!
I won't be kept in
the dark any longer!
You're going to tell me
exactly what you saw! Now!
Fine... So be it.
[Piccolo] Finally!
So what is this monster
you're talking about?
What is going on down there?
Why go through all the
trouble of using words?
Once you and I have merged
into a single Namekian, Piccolo,
you shall know what I saw.
[Piccolo] Ah!
What? Kami...
So you've finally come
to your senses, eh?
Whatever is down there, it must
really be something else.
[Kami] Let's get on with it...
There have been far too
many victims already...
[Piccolo] All right.
But I'm not deferring to you!
I'm in charge of us!
Understood?!
Of course... You are
younger than I...
And your power far exceeds
what I can muster now...
It is only fair.
[Piccolo] Hmph.
My power will be at your
disposal whenever you need it.
And you shall have all of
my hard-won knowledge.
[Kami] Hmm...
[Popo whimpers]
Now... since you are
to be the foundation,
place your hand upon me.
Fine.
Ah... Kami, please don't!
[Kami] Don't worry about
me, my loyal friend...
It's not an overseer that
the Earth needs right now...
It needs a warrior!
[Popo whimpers]
Piccolo is different now...
For the evil that once
tainted his heart has
all but faded away.
Once we have merged,
I doubt we shall ever
be split again.
He and I will be as one.
Don't go...
Thank you for all your years
of service... Mr. Popo.
Oh... dear Kami...
[Popo cries]
[Kami roars]
[Piccolo gasps]
[Popo whimpers, gasps]
If... you can hear me, Kami...
then please...
take care of yourself.
I'm neither Kami
nor Piccolo now.
I am only a Namekian,
who has long since
forgotten his true name.
Now... farewell.
[Goku snores]
All of our attempts to
contact the news team
in Gingertown have been
unsuccessful so far.
We think our staff may
have fallen victim
to whatever attacked
the townspeople.
So... you think whatever
came out of that shell's
to blame for all this?
Well, yeah... that's what
makes the most sense...
It was nearby.
[Yamcha and Roshi react]
Hey ... I'll get to
the bottom of this.
[Yamcha] Hold on! Wait!
[Krillin] You're
kidding, right?!
[Trunks]
I'll be fine, you two.
Remember, I can turn Super
Saiyan if things get rough...
Besides, it's the androids
we have to worry about...
not some overgrown bug.
[Krillin] Eh...
Yeah, I know, but...
[Gohan] Then... I'm
coming with you, Trunks!
Oh, no you're not!
Your poor father is
still stuck in bed!
This is no time to go
looking for a fight!
C'mon, Mom!
It's 'cause he's still sick
that I need to help out.
Listen here! I don't care
if that thing spits fire!
You are not flying away!
Aw! That's no fair!
[Krillin] Uhh...
[Trunks] That's all right.
I'll go by myself.
Gohan, you can help
me from right here...
You and the
others defend Goku
from the androids,
in case they show up
while I'm out dealing
with this. Okay?
Uh... yeah!
We'll keep him safe!
Hey... Trunks...
Careful out there...
Don't go doing
anything foolish, okay?
Yeah... Krillin's right...
I mean... we're gonna
need you in one piece
when the time comes to go
toe-to-toe with those androids.
Right... Well, I'm off.
[sound of wind whistling]
[rustling of footsteps]
[Piccolo] hmm?
[whistling of heavy winds]
(faucet leaking)
Took you long
enough... monster.
[Narrator]
At last, the creature
terrorizing Gingertown
reveals itself...
And our heroes are
faced with a villain
the likes of which the
world has never seen!
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪♪ Closing Song ♪♪
[Goku]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Whoa, Piccolo-- watch out!
[Piccolo]
What is that thing?
And why is that Frieza's
energy I'm sensing from him?
[Goku] Yeah, Vegeta's
power, too! Even mine!
That's impossible, right?
What's going on?!
Next time on
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[Piccolo] That attack--
no, it couldn't be...!